---
middlename: Mih치ly
lastname: Orb치n
deathdate: ''
lost: true
power:
  parliament: 4.35
  tv: 4.35
  education: 4.35
  print: 4.35
  culture: 4.35
  state: 4.35
  religion: 4.35
  online: 4.35
  constitution: 4.35
  economy: 4.35
  bullshit: 4.35
  justice: 4.35
bio: Orb치n egy baci
profile:
  psychosis: 4.35
  power_hunger: 4.35
  agression: 4.35
  cynicism: 4.35
  autocracy: 4.35
  telling_lies: 4.35
  corruption: 4.35
  megalomania: 4.35
  manipulation: 4.35
  sadism: 4.35
  militancy: 4.35
  narcissism: 4.35
birthdate: '1963-05-01T00:00:00.000Z'
isdead: false
desc: EU Bagman
photo: /uploads/016.jpg
country: Hungary (Orbanistan)
title: Orb치n
firstname: Viktor
---
He got back in power the second time in 2010 during the world crisis with 2/3 of the votes. After the election he urgently rewrited the electorial law and the constitution making sure no one can endanger his position in power. He systematically annected all regions of economy and distributed to his loyal followers. He institutionalized corruption, building a system of dependency that is seemingly democracy leaving its institutional system, however in the absence of financial and media background making it impossible for the opposition parties to take power. Hungary is now a Dictatorship within the EU in a democratic framework.

Orban is very successfull fooling EU institutions, who apparently cannot do anything against his arrogant attacks. He built up his power from EU funds allocating most tenders to his close relatives and stooges. He is inimitable keeping his begging hands towards the EU while crticising them when they dare to say a word about he systematically dismantles the institutional system of the rule of law, annexes public and commercial media, attacks civil and international institutions and makes fun of democratic values.

He maintains good relationships with Russia and China. The contract for the construction of the Paks nuclear power plant, and Budapest-Beograd railway line which was concluded with loyal companies, is encrypted for decades.
